docs: document creating bind mount (#2946)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edgeforge-workflow/prepare-user-data.md

          passwd: kairos
```

### Create Bind Mounts

Palette Edge allows you to create bind mounts from your Edge host to your cluster through the installer configuration
file named **user-data**, which allows your cluster to use directories or files from your Edge host directly within your

> Kubernetes cluster. This setup is useful for scenarios where your applications running in the cluster need direct access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes cluster. This setup is useful for scenarios where your applications are active in the cluster and need direct access
```

Removed ableism term

to files or directories on the Edge host.

> Several packs require you set up bind mounts in order to function. For example, the Calico pack requires the folder

Reviewer: Instead of using Calico here, could we do the ones that don't have an example, such as tailscale and Contained? Portworx we can also add to the its pack's page
